Restore-EntraBetaDeletedDirectoryObject (#1071)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-beta/Microsoft.Graph.Entra.Beta/Restore-EntraBetaDeletedDirectoryObject.md

- `-Id` parameter specifies the Id of the directory object to restore.

### Example 2: Restoring a Soft-Deleted User and Removing Conflicting Proxy Addresses

```powershell

> Connect-Entra -Scopes 'AdministrativeUnit.ReadWrite.All' #administrativeUnit resource
> Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Application.ReadWrite.All' #application resource
> Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Group.ReadWrite.All' #group resource
> Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Application.ReadWrite.All' #servicePrincipal resource
> Connect-Entra -Scopes 'User.ReadWrite.All' #user resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'User.ReadWrite.All'
```

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AutoReconcileProxyConflict

> Indicates whether Microsoft Entra ID should remove any conflicting proxy addresses while restoring a soft-deleted user whose one or more proxy addresses are currently used for an active user. Used only for restoring soft-deleted user. The default value for this paramater is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies whether Microsoft Entra ID should remove conflicting proxy addresses when restoring a soft-deleted user, if any of the user's proxy addresses are currently in use by an active user. This parameter applies only when restoring a soft-deleted user. The default value is `false`.
```
